Document recoverability pipeline (#5632)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/pipeline/index_intro_core_[8,).partial.md

> NServiceBus has the concept of _pipelines_ which refers to the series of actions taken when:
> 
> * An incoming message is processed
> * An outgoing message is sent
> * [Recoverability](/nservicebus/recoverability/) is applied to a message

Author: ```suggestion
NServiceBus has the concept of _pipelines_ which refers to the series of actions taken when:

* The incoming pipeline is triggered due to an incoming message that needs to be processed
* The outgoing pipeline is triggered due to an outgoing message that needs to be sent/published
* The [recoverability](/nservicebus/recoverability/) pipeline is triggered due to failure during processing 
```
